Update Amp integrations (#1574)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/clients.mdx

### Amp

> [Amp](https://ampcode.com) is an agentic coding tool built by Sourcegraph. It runs in VSCode (and compatible forks like Cursor, Windsurf, and VSCodium), JetBrains IDEs, and as a command-line tool. It’s also multiplayer — you can share threads and collaborate with your team.

Reviewer: "VS Code" should preserve the space in accordance with the official website:
https://code.visualstudio.com/

```suggestion
[Amp](https://ampcode.com) is an agentic coding tool built by Sourcegraph. It runs in VS Code (and compatible forks like Cursor, Windsurf, and VSCodium), JetBrains IDEs, and as a command-line tool. It’s also multiplayer — you can share threads and collaborate with your team.
```
